Fix broken links to datadog-ci repo (#31820)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/cicd_integrations/gitlab.md

### Run tests using test IDs

{{< code-block lang="yaml" >}}
stages:
  - test
synthetic-tests:
  stage: test
  script:
    - npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    - datadog-ci synthetics run-tests --apiKey "$DATADOG_API_KEY" --appKey "$DATADOG_APP_KEY" --public-id xtf-w5p-z5n --public-id eif-van-tu7
{{< /code-block >}}

### Run tests using tags

{{< code-block lang="yaml" >}}
stages:
  - test
synthetic-tests:
  stage: test
  script:
    - npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    - datadog-ci synthetics run-tests --apiKey "$DATADOG_API_KEY" --appKey "$DATADOG_APP_KEY" -s 'tag:e2e-tests'
{{< /code-block >}}

### Run tests using variable overrides

> If you have different test users or data specific to your CI/CD environment, you can override these variables with the `-v` command. For more information, [see the Synthetics command](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tree/master/packages/datadog-ci/src/commands/synthetics) in the `datadog-ci` NPM package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have different test users or data specific to your CI/CD environment, you can override these variables with the `-v` command. For more information, [see the Synthetics command](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tree/master/packages/datadog-ci/src/commands/synthetics) in the `datadog-ci` NPM package.
```
This is goes to a file not found page

Author: Ooops sorry I missed the synthetics links: they are now its own plugin

```suggestion
If you have different test users or data specific to your CI/CD environment, you can override these variables with the `-v` command. For more information, [see the Synthetics command](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tree/master/packages/plugin-synthetics) in the `datadog-ci` NPM package.
```
